# Sec_Advisory_BPMN_Generator
This is the official repository of our research paper "Generating semi-automated security playbooks for vulnerability mitigation from unstructured advisory data". 
It includes the full code of the developed prototypical implementation of the architecture. It also includes the full set of generated playbooks, generated within the JSON meta-model.

## Structure of the Repository 
1. BPMN_Parser
2. BPMN Playbooks
3. Classification Layer
4. Meta Playbooks
5. Playbook Generator


### 1. BPMN Parser
The source code of the meta-model to BPMN Parser. It generates a bpmn file, by extracting the workflow of the meta playbooks into python and drawing the visualization.
It consists if two files:
transform_json.py: It is the executable main file of the prototype, that includes the logic of extracting the main workflow and controling the draw functions.
and
calculate_coordinates.py: It includes additional functions, that improve the quality of the drawings.

### 2. BPMN Playbooks
|-- Action Playbooks: It contains the set of playbooks, that include steps classified further by the second layer like OpenC2 classes. \
| \
|-- Playbooks: An additional demonstrating set of playbooks, that were used to test the BPMN Parser

### 3. Classification Layer
This directory includes the datasets generated by the second layer of the orchestration prototype and the source code of the second layer.

### 4. Meta Playbooks
This directory contains the full set of generated playbooks (725), that were used for the evaluation and as the main contribution of the paper.

### 5. Playbook Generator
It includes the source code of the prototype, that generated the set of playbooks.

### Publication URL: t.b.a.
